(Here comes the first member and the founder of LOOΠΔ, HeeJin!)
HeeJin: Hello!
HeeJin: It's my second time coming here!
HeeJin: Do you know the intro video? That 12 chairs...
HeeJin: Yeah, HeeJin: that was filmed here!
Olivia Hye: I shoot the same chair scene too~
HeeJin: Right!
Olivia Hye: I sat on the 12th chair!
JinSoul: But that wasn't released!
HeeJin: Olivia Hye and... other members!
HeeJin: Good luck today!
All: LOOΠΔ, LOOΠΔ, let's go!
Olivia Hye: Finally, the shooting is about to begin!
(Olivia Hye working hard!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)"
(But she looks a little stiff...)
(So the director gives some advice!)
(Finally, HeeJin is here to give some advice to her!)
(HeeJin is teaching one by one, carefully!)
HeeJin: Well, will you do it with rhythm?
HeeJin: Then you might be more comfortable and your gesture would be more natural!
(She looks better after listening HeeJin's advice!)
HeeJin: Oh~ Good!
HeeJin: She's really admirable!
HeeJin: Our Olivia~